Project Proposal:
Instead of using Java we will be using React and SpringBoot to create the web application. We are considering 
using bootstrap to implement the CSS.

Vision Statement:
This application will allow users, including students and teachers to see their grades.For students who want to examine their grades and plan ahead for study schedules. The grade manager
is a web application that will allow students to put all their courses and assignments in place to better keep 
track of their grades. Unlike other applications Grade Manager will allow students to independently keep track of their grades.

Persona - New Student 
Annie, age 18, is a new student at Temple University. She's lived in 
Philadelphia all her life where her parents work as doctors. 
She is really anxious about getting good grades for her first semester. 
She's been using her university's application to keep track of her grades, 
but she wants a separate application that will let her add assignments herself to 
plan for future assignments and hypothetical situations.


Persona - Returning Student
Chris Hemsworth, age 20, a resident of Philadelphia, is a returning college student to Alekhine University. 
He joined Temple University when he was 18, majoring in Electrical Engineering alongside playing varsity football for the university. 
While playing he found himself in an injury, forcing him to take a year-long gap from the university. 
Now fully fit, Chris has enrolled himself back in the university and has taken 5 classes for his upcoming semester. 

Being aware that all of his courses require him to take multiple quizzes, homework, assignments, and midterms maybe extra-credit, curves, the lowest grade being dropped, 
he starts looking for an effective way of managing his grades and opts to use the Grade Manager as a realiable form of grade manager application.  
He finds the interface easy to use and is easily able to view the actual and potential grades for all of his courses. 


Persona - Busy Student
Marie Rotman just moved in to the United States and she just enrolled at Temple University as a full time student.  On the other side
she also works full time so her schedule is very busy.


Persona - Slacker
Chris, age 19, is a sophomore in university and has a tendency to slack off during the semester. 
Because of this, he frequently tries to calculate his grade in the middle and end of the semester
to see how to make up for a bad start. He needs a tool that can store his grades and how they change,
as well as predict his final grades. Chris will use the grade manager on a need by need basis instead of 
as a consistent tracker.


Persona - Teacher
Edward, a college Lecturer

As a lecturer of 12 years at the Uptah University of Elites, Edward surely enjoys bringing knowledge to every upcoming generation that passes through him. 
Growing up in the east coast of Nebrowskai, he has an ever loving passion for the ocean and sea creatures. 
With age comes wisdom as he, at 35 years, released many books about his life experiences and forming paths for the children of tomorrow. 
Although widowed, he is the father of 7 kids, 4 boys and 3 girls. 
Ed is a triple threat having his PhD in Physiology, Music Theory and Geology as he perform many musical numbers, when he is not infant a classroom.

Ed loves to keep up to date with the times, as he wears the latest designer clothes, owns the latest cars and technological devices. 
He enjoys tracking all his students progress as much as he enjoy tracking his packages from Comizon. Ed gets super excited when his students do well. 
With such, he rewards his students with extra credit for going the extra mile and sometimes making him laugh. 
With the current update and viewing of his student’s grades, he can best advise them on best practices or certain changes that can be done to save or help boost their performances. 
He would love to use a medium in which he can constantly update at live view his students grades, the weights/percentages, and  extra credit assignments.


Persona - Double Major Student
James, who is majoring in Computer Science as well as Data Science, needs to be on top of the courses he needs to complete and make sure that his grades at least let him pass to take
the next course in line for certain pre-requisites. In order for him to stay on top of his course work he needs an application that will allow him to manage his overall grades efficiently.
Certain classes in both his majors overlap so that is why he is able to finish both majors in time with one another but only if he is able to finihs the specific classes that are pre-requisites
to other classes required in his curriculum.

Persona - Undecided Student
Adam, who is halfway through his biology degree, is deciding whether his final GPA will be enough for him to apply and be accepted into medical school. If not then he would think about 
changing his major to something else that would not let him be stuck as a biology student unable to get into Medical School. His current GPA is a 3.1 and he is very anxious in what
he needs to get in the rest of his courses in order to bring that 3.1 up to at least a 3.5 or higher. 

